---
layout: post
title: To the sea
subtitle: ... that talked of a tide, yet to arrive
tags: [write-up, anonymous, favourite]
---

He traced abstract shapes on the sand with his toes, and watched the waves come rushing to wipe it out. It was fifth grade all over again, him drawing the oranges on blank paper a tad too round every time, and his art teacher erasing it and correcting him as many times as he went wrong.

It's not supposed to be a perfect circle, his teacher would say.

But isn't that imperfect?

In maths maybe, not in art, he'd say.

A brisk sea breeze blew, salty and stinging, across his wrinkled face. He rubbed his cheek where the breeze stung, and found only a sprinkle of sand, probably stuck to his forest floor smelling sunscreen lotion.

It was 27 degrees according to the local news, and the sun was just setting brilliantly over the Arabian Sea.

The main road showed hints of a gathering crowd. Of joggers and lovers and traffic policemen who stopped autos to check expired licenses.

It was easy to miss a thousand faces if they were strewn- at random- across the moving, heaving crowd that'd shift slowly through the road in the next couple of hours or so. 

Despite the odds, he kept turning back to check the road as often as he could.

Who knew when, you might find someone, you can share a story about your tenth grade crush with.

That's how people meet. By chance. When you are least expecting it.

That's how they met.

On a windy day like this, when your armpits smelt of a dying day and your shirt had lost all its creases already. She had a crispness in her that couldn't be dampened by a howling sea. 

He had fallen for her, like she was his own.

Like she could talk in hushed voices to the blood rushing through his head every time he held up a sea shell to his ear, and as it rushed, it told snippets of embarrassing secrets that always made her laugh a little harder than usual.

The sun had set brilliantly that day too. And when darkness set in, she got up and left, walking across the sands with a practised grace, and it seemed like there were only ripples where she had walked, not ordinary human footsteps.

The sea shone pearly white in the fast fading daylight.

Soon it'd be night. He took out his iPod from his windcheater pocket, and paused Dylan's "You're gonna make me lonesome when you go", midway. Then unplugging his earphones, he stuffed them carefully into his pockets, and talked to the rushing, howling sea.

He asked where she was now. And how she was.

Then he listened. To the answers. Under a misty dark sky, face to face with a grazing breeze that stung and smelt of flying fish, he sat stupefied and listened.

To the sea.

That talked of a tide, yet to arrive.
